hello i'm keith kendrick magazine's
editor of bbc good food i'm
and i'm here with kisha sakara chef
owner of caribe
in brixton which celebrates authentic
caribbean cooking
keisha is here with me today to talk
about three
things we all need to know about
caribbean cooking
uh hi keisha how are you doing uh what
are the three things that we need to
know about caribbean cooking
hi keith thank you for having me um
three things
to know about caribbean cooking i'll
start with
a green seasoning and that's something i
like to use a lot and it is used a lot
in
caribbean cooking and it does vary um
island to island as well
and green seasoning is basically a mix
of
fresh green herbs so that could be
parsley celery thyme
um scotch bonnets thai parsley or shadow
benny and they just form the basis of a
lot of dishes
blended together will chop really finely
so you could get that in stew chicken
curry chicken curry go and different
islands
like i say use it in different ways but
it gives a really nice earthy
and kind of foundation to the difference
so what's number two
number two would be a piece of equipment
actually
um i love to use my dutch part i bought
one back from jamaica a few years ago
and i like it because it just reminds me
of the origins of caribbean cooking
they're heavy really sturdy parts that
hold heat really well and
um hundreds of years ago they would have
been used on coals outside
to slow cook meat stews soups
for long periods of time and they still
do that today so wherever i can
i use them in the kitchen
crucial cooking and so your third
your third piece of knowledge piece of
wisdom what
what would that be
um i would say just what caribbean food
represents and to me that is
celebration community collectiveness
um just to bear in mind that you know it
has such humble beginnings
like i said before it's hundreds of
years old and a lot of the dishes that
we
cook as much as they have had um
unfortunate origins
they are still eaten by our culture in
such a celebratory way today
so jerk for example that came about
through those who
escaped plantations and started roasting
meat
on pimento wood and now that's the
staple food of jamaica and caribbean
food all over the world
so just to know just to note sorry that
caribbean food is just really
celebratory it's humble
and it's eaten with pride today that's
fantastic
great insight into caribbean cooking
there from kisha
kisha comes from montserrat which is an
island in the caribbean
and on our good foods world in your
kitchen video series she cooks the
national dish which is goat water
which is which is a rich robust meat
dish it's
absolutely fantastic you can follow her
on instagram
at caribe underscore uk and at sakara
underscore so thanks for joining us
keisha
it's been great having you learnt so
much so
thank you and bye for now
thank you for having me and take care